Document Flows clients (#824)
globus/globus-sdk-python: docs/services/flows.rst

.. currentmodule:: globus_sdk

The Flows service allows users to create automation workflows or, simply, "flows".
When a flow is started, it must be authorized to perform actions on the user's behalf.

Because a running flow can perform actions on the user's behalf,
the Globus SDK has two client classes that can interact with the Flows service:
a :class:`FlowsClient` and a :class:`SpecificFlowClient`.

> They differ in what scopes and user consents they require:

Reviewer: Might help to be extra explicit that they do different things:

```suggestion
They differ in the operations they can perform as well as the scopes
and user consents they require:
```

Author: I think I've addressed this.

*   The :class:`FlowsClient` is able to create, update, and delete flows.

>     It is also able to gather information about flows and runs.

Reviewer: My reaction was rooted in feeling that "gather" is a bit nebulous. I'm perfectly satisfied w/ "view" instead!

>     It is also able to gather information about flows and runs.

Author: Maybe "retrieve"?

>     It is also able to gather information about flows and runs.

Author: I think this is resolved.

    Users must consent to allow the client application to administer flows and runs.

> *   The :class:`SpecificFlowClient` is able to start a specific flow.

Reviewer: Might be worth adding a bit of additional clarifying copy here, e.g., "Some run-related operations require a special client that is associated with the flow used to start that run. Instantiating a `SpecificFlowClient` using the ID of that flow enables it to perform operations that authorize a flow to invoke actions on behalf of the user in the course of a run." (This could maybe be refined further, but hopefully is in the ballpark?)

Might also want to note that in some cases, a user will need to use both clients in the course of their application.

Author: I think I've addressed this.

    Once started, if the run becomes inactive (or "becomes paused") for any reason,
    this class is able to resume the run, too.

>     Users must consent to allow the specific flow to perform actions on their behalf.

Reviewer: I like this idea!

>     Users must consent to allow the specific flow to perform actions on their behalf.

Author: I think I've addressed this.
